Question 1: What are the main features of Python?

i) Python is open-source and run by the python interpreter
ii) Python is interpreted meaning that your program source code is converted into byte-code that is executed by the Python Virtual Machine(PVM).
iii) Python does not associate a type to a variable until runtime because it is dynamically typed
iv) Whitespace is used to denote blocks in Python unlike other languages that use curly braces, this is used to promote its readability

Question 2: What is the difference between a list and a dictionary?

A list refers to a collection of various index value pairs like an array in other programming languages while a dictionary is a hashed structure of key and value pairs.

A list stores multiple items of different data types in a single variable while a dictionary is a collection of key-value pair elements.

Question 3: In your word, explain the keyword pass

It is impossible to create an empty function in Python, for example, in writing our test cases and the logic is unknown, we may want to create an empty function and come
back to it later when the logic is known. In this case, we use the pass statement as a placeholder for the function. This will tell Python to simply ignore the function.

Question 4: What is an iterator in Python?

An iterator is an object that contains a countable number of values. Python 'for loop' behaves more like an iterator because it can iterate over a sequence of numbers using
the built-in range functions.

Question 5: What is unit testing?

Unit testing is the process in software engineering in which most of the smallest and most testable part of an application is individually tested to ensure it satisfies their use cases.

Question 6: Of the available unit test framework in Python, which is your favorite and why?

The framework to use for unit testing depends on which test you want to perform. If you want to do functional testing or API calls, it is preferable to use Pytest because you don't need a class, just define your test method.
But if you need to define a class for your unit testing like OOP, then you can use Unittest for the testing.

Question 7: Name the types of arguments in Python

We have 5 types of arguments in Python:
i) Required arguments
ii) Default arguments
iii) Keyword arguments
iv) Arbitrary arguments
v) Arbitrary keyword arguments

Question 8: Explain what functions are

Functions are reusable block of code that is executed when it is called or invoked from the other parts of the program.
A function is assigned to a variable, passed another function parameter and stored in a collection.
There are 3 types of functions which are:
Built_in functions, User-Defined functions and Anonymous functions